when you think of comics what comes to
mind Superman spider-man the x-men while
the world of comic books is finally
changing with South Asian carrots has
been developed for the first time ever
desi DNA presents an exclusive insight
into the major players who are turning
their fantasy into reality be prepared
to be propelled into the Super League of
comic strips and graphic novels welcome
to the world of Asian superheroes in
charm Crusaders and all things Spanish
Francis Slay is the mastermind behind
the comic sensation tales of midnight
and 23 year-old hacia el fassi has just
been involved in a bidding war for a
muslim manga graphic novel hot on their
heels come sir richard branson's virgin
comics who created modern and mythology
based Indian characters for the rapidly
growing South Asian market and beyond
everyone knows the classic superhero
acts ridden tales of characters trying
to find love or fighting off bullies
until some freak accident gives them a
super power or ability comic strip
aficionado Francis Li has had a very
similar journey with his comic book
phenomenon tales of midnights morning
India but raised in the UK Francis knee
was forever getting into fights with
skinit in the 1970s after learning
martial arts to defend himself a kien
comic reader from day one Francis went a
step further and totally geeked out and
opened up his own comic book shop so how
do you come from being a fan to then
actually getting your own comic book out
okay well I guess for me it was it was
it was luck more than anything else I've
been a fan all my life and as a fan I
had a collection of comics which just
kept getting bigger and bigger and
bigger and I got to the point where
there were literally thousands of comics
and they were filling lots and lots of
boxes in my home so it was either a
question of getting a bigger place or um
opening a comic shop and that went well
for for several years and then what
happened was at that particular time it
seemed as if the industry seem to be
moving more towards collectors items and
special editions and you know flashy
covers rather than worrying too much
about the story and the content and
being fan myself I was also you know
disappointed that we weren't getting the
kind of stories that I wanted to read
comics to me were a doorway to step into
a world that allowed me to to to enter
this this this world of heroes and
romance
and so Frances created and so published
his comic tales of midnight which
follows the adventures of two crime
fighter's midnight and Sarah who
complete with utility belt and gadgets
in sexy blue spandex take on whoever
stands in their way at the time it made
it made a big impact on me for example
with my character midnight he'll never
kill end of story no way that there's no
motivate but he's a law breaker that by
night he fights for justice and justice
in his eyes is not necessarily the laws
made by man of course I talking about
Sarah though she's damn sexy very sexy I
mean you used you have not been shy of
you in in her figure and safety if you
had any idea how people have asked me to
reduce the size boat boobs it's but now
she's all woman yes she had a bit of fur
work done no absolutely mattress is this
good clean living and a healthy exercise
and I'm not fancying a comic character
isn't it interesting meanwhile behind
the facade of this innocent-looking
bookstore there lurks the secret
workshop of a GGG genius
you